# Authorizations

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **int32** | Authorization ID, generated by senhasegura | [readonly] 
**System** | **string** | System which this authorization belongs to | 
**Environment** | **string** | Environment which this authorization belongs to | 
**Expiration** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Expiration date of an authorization (must be in YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM format) | [optional] 
**Encryption** | **bool** | Whether secret sensitive data will be encrypted on responses | 

## Methods

### NewAuthorizations

`func NewAuthorizations(id int32, system string, environment string, encryption bool, ) *Authorizations`

NewAuthorizations instantiates a new Authorizations object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAuthorizationsWithDefaults

`func NewAuthorizationsWithDefaults() *Authorizations`

NewAuthorizationsWithDefaults instantiates a new Authorizations object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *Authorizations) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Authorizations) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Authorizations) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetSystem

`func (o *Authorizations) GetSystem() string`

GetSystem returns the System field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSystemOk

`func (o *Authorizations) GetSystemOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSystemOk returns a tuple with the System field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSystem

`func (o *Authorizations) SetSystem(v string)`

SetSystem sets System field to given value.


### GetEnvironment

`func (o *Authorizations) GetEnvironment() string`

GetEnvironment returns the Environment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEnvironmentOk

`func (o *Authorizations) GetEnvironmentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEnvironmentOk returns a tuple with the Environment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEnvironment

`func (o *Authorizations) SetEnvironment(v string)`

SetEnvironment sets Environment field to given value.


### GetExpiration

`func (o *Authorizations) GetExpiration() time.Time`

GetExpiration returns the Expiration field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetExpirationOk

`func (o *Authorizations) GetExpirationOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetExpirationOk returns a tuple with the Expiration field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetExpiration

`func (o *Authorizations) SetExpiration(v time.Time)`

SetExpiration sets Expiration field to given value.

### HasExpiration

`func (o *Authorizations) HasExpiration() bool`

HasExpiration returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEncryption

`func (o *Authorizations) GetEncryption() bool`

GetEncryption returns the Encryption field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEncryptionOk

`func (o *Authorizations) GetEncryptionOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetEncryptionOk returns a tuple with the Encryption field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEncryption

`func (o *Authorizations) SetEncryption(v bool)`

SetEncryption sets Encryption field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


