# SecretPAMSSHKey

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **int32** | PAM credential ID generated by senhasegura | [readonly] 
**Username** | **string** | PAM credential username | 
**Password** | Pointer to **string** |  | [optional] 
**Comment** | **string** | PAM credential password | 
**Path** | **string** | PAM credential additional information, such as database instances | 
**Tags** | Pointer to **[]string** |  | [optional] 
**PublicKey** | **string** |  | 
**Device** | [**SecretPAMDevice**](SecretPAMDevice.md) |  | 

## Methods

### NewSecretPAMSSHKey

`func NewSecretPAMSSHKey(id int32, username string, comment string, path string, publicKey string, device SecretPAMDevice, ) *SecretPAMSSHKey`

NewSecretPAMSSHKey instantiates a new SecretPAMSSHKey object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewSecretPAMSSHKeyWithDefaults

`func NewSecretPAMSSHKeyWithDefaults() *SecretPAMSSHKey`

NewSecretPAMSSHKeyWithDefaults instantiates a new SecretPAMSSHKey object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetUsername

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetUsername() string`

GetUsername returns the Username field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsernameOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetUsernameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUsernameOk returns a tuple with the Username field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsername

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetUsername(v string)`

SetUsername sets Username field to given value.


### GetPassword

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetPassword() string`

GetPassword returns the Password field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPasswordOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetPasswordOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPasswordOk returns a tuple with the Password field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPassword

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetPassword(v string)`

SetPassword sets Password field to given value.

### HasPassword

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) HasPassword() bool`

HasPassword returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetComment

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetComment() string`

GetComment returns the Comment field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCommentOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetCommentOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCommentOk returns a tuple with the Comment field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetComment

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetComment(v string)`

SetComment sets Comment field to given value.


### GetPath

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetPath() string`

GetPath returns the Path field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPathOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetPathOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPathOk returns a tuple with the Path field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPath

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetPath(v string)`

SetPath sets Path field to given value.


### GetTags

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetTags() []string`

GetTags returns the Tags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetTagsOk() (*[]string, bool)`

GetTagsOk returns a tuple with the Tags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTags

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetTags(v []string)`

SetTags sets Tags field to given value.

### HasTags

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) HasTags() bool`

HasTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPublicKey

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetPublicKey() string`

GetPublicKey returns the PublicKey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPublicKeyOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetPublicKeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPublicKeyOk returns a tuple with the PublicKey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPublicKey

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetPublicKey(v string)`

SetPublicKey sets PublicKey field to given value.


### GetDevice

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetDevice() SecretPAMDevice`

GetDevice returns the Device field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeviceOk

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) GetDeviceOk() (*SecretPAMDevice, bool)`

GetDeviceOk returns a tuple with the Device field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDevice

`func (o *SecretPAMSSHKey) SetDevice(v SecretPAMDevice)`

SetDevice sets Device field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


